Installing
	Install Through Source Code (Recommmended)
		Prerequisites
			:Visual studio (Minimum 2017 Recommended) , Download free; @https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/tr/downloads/@
			:Visual studio Node.js tools. (During installation of Visual Studio select "Node.js Development" under Web&Cloud, if visual studio exists you can add this through Tools-> Get Tools and Features)
		To Install h5Engine visit h5Engine site downloads section. And download latest source code. Open with visual studio Build and Run. Continue to work in Chrome
	Install Through Executable
		To Install h5Engine visit h5Engine site downloads section. And download latest executable. Install with easy installer. Then run program
First Project
	Create
		To Create your first project open h5Engine and Select File -> New Project. Enter full path of new project's desired folder on your computer. This is where all files of your project will be saved. Then select all needed pre-installed plugins according to your project needs. If you are unsure you can add any plugin whenever you need so add essentials.
		Then Press "Change" button to change current project.
		New Project Popup:
		@@newproject.png@@
	Settings
		You can change project settings through top menu "Settings" Button.
		Pixel Perfect : If you enable this option images will be rendered with "Nearest" option, if you disable this option images will be rendered bilinear
		AutoWidth-Width: If you enable Autowidth width will be auto calculated within current environment. If you disable, Width value will be used to create canvas with static width.
		AutoHeight-Height: If you enable AutoHeight height will be auto calculated within current environment. If you disable, Height value will be used to create canvas with static height.
		Header: This will be title of exported html file.
		BackgroundColor: Default background color for project will be used in exported game as background when there is nothing else front.
		MinWidthHeightRatio -MaxWidthHeightRatio : When project uses Auto Width and height you can limit Width/Height ratio between this values (To prevent show undesirable parts or to get better consistency)
		Settings Window:
		@@settings.png@@
	Run Game
		There is 3 different way to run your game. 
		- File -> Export Project(Test First Scene)  , Shortcut ; F6 Key : When this option used your game will run with the first scene which is set in Scene order (File -> Scene Order). To run this option you have to have at least 1 scene and set scene order (See @Scene Management@ for more details). Note; if you are working on the first scene and it is not saved, it will run last saved version.
		- File -> Export Project(Test Current Scene)  , Shortcut ; F7 Key : When this option used your game will run with the current scene you are working even its is not saved. (It will ignore last save of current scene)
		- Visual studio : If you open project with visual studio and debug through it it will always open current scene with current state. (It will automatically sync with editor)
